README.md, before:

# Arvid van den Hoogen

**`Gameplay Programmer / Software Architect`**

As a programmer, I take pride and joy in implementing gameplay related systems.  
Over the years I participated in 10+ gamejams and worked on a large variety of group and solo projects.  
You can find the Tools I've used and some of my favorite works below.

---

### Languages & Tools

<!-- icons -->
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/">
	<img align="left" alt="CSharp" width="60px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://unity.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="Unity" width="60px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="/src/img/Unity_Logo.png"/>
</a>
<a href="https://git-fork.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="Fork" width="60px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://git-fork.com/images/logo.png"/>
</a>
<a href="https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio" width="60px" style ="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-original.svg"/>
</a>

<br/><br/><br/>

Minor Experience
<br/>

<a href="https://cplusplus.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="C++" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US">
	<img align="left" alt="Unreal Engine" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://www.pikpng.com/pngl/b/543-5434947_unreal-engine-logo-unreal-engine-logo-ico-clipart.png"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">
	<img align="left" alt="Type Script" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://whatwg.org/">
	<img align="left" alt="HTML 5" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/html5/html5-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/css-2023/">
	<img align="left" alt="CSS 3" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/css3/css3-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.php.net/">
	<img align="left" alt="PHP" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/php/php-original.svg"/>
</a>
<br/><br/>

<!-- Section to talk about my current activities -->
#
### Current Projects

As part of my study, I am currently working on project **Quantum Gaming**.  
The aim of which is to help out the Quantum lab at Saxion by providing software which allows for accurately simulation of Quantum Mechanics.

Assigned to this project along with me is my fellow programmer [Arjen van Klaveren](https://arjenvklaveren.github.io/).  
My responsibilities for the project include designing and implementing the software architecture in Unity and implementing gameplay systems.

Alongside this project, I am developing a utils library for Unity. The wiki for which can be found [here](https://github.com/Sad-AI-dev/SadUtils_Package/wiki).  
This package is solely developed by me and is actively being used in the **Quantum Gaming** project.

<!-- Collapsable section about previous works -->
#
<details>
	<summary><h3>Previous Works<h3/></summary>

make sure that this section is collapsable!

</details>

#
### Contact

Interested in me and my work? Feel free to reach out!

<!-- Email -->
<img align="left" alt="Email" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="/src/img/Mail_Logo.png"/>

[ArvidvdHoogen@gmail.com](mailto:ArvidvdHoogen@gmail.com)

<!-- LinkedIn -->
<img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="/src/img/LinkedIn_Logo.png"/>

[Linked In](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arvid-van-den-hoogen/)

<!--
The plan is simple:

[X] Short Bio
[X] Languages & Tools
		for this section, use dev icons.
		- C#
		- Unity
		- Fork
		- Visual Studio
		Minor:
		- C++
		- Unreal Engine
		- Type Script
		- HTML 5
		- CSS 3
		- PHP
[X] Currently working on
[ ] Previous works
[X] Contact
-->

Commit message:

finished text for stellar sprint section

README.md, after:

# Arvid van den Hoogen

**`Gameplay Programmer / Software Architect`**

As a programmer, I take pride and joy in implementing gameplay related systems.  
Over the years I participated in 10+ gamejams and worked on a large variety of group and solo projects.  
You can find the Tools I've used and some of my favorite works below.

---

### Languages & Tools

<!-- icons -->
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/">
	<img align="left" alt="CSharp" width="60px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://unity.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="Unity" width="60px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="/src/img/Unity_Logo.png"/>
</a>
<a href="https://git-fork.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="Fork" width="60px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://git-fork.com/images/logo.png"/>
</a>
<a href="https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio" width="60px" style ="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-original.svg"/>
</a>

<br/><br/><br/>

Minor Experience
<br/>

<a href="https://cplusplus.com/">
	<img align="left" alt="C++" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US">
	<img align="left" alt="Unreal Engine" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://www.pikpng.com/pngl/b/543-5434947_unreal-engine-logo-unreal-engine-logo-ico-clipart.png"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">
	<img align="left" alt="Type Script" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://whatwg.org/">
	<img align="left" alt="HTML 5" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/html5/html5-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/css-2023/">
	<img align="left" alt="CSS 3" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/css3/css3-original.svg"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.php.net/">
	<img align="left" alt="PHP" width="40px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/php/php-original.svg"/>
</a>
<br/><br/>

<!-- Section to talk about my current activities -->
#
### Current Projects

As part of my study, I am currently working on project **Quantum Gaming**.  
The aim of which is to help out the Quantum lab at Saxion by providing software which allows for accurately simulation of Quantum Mechanics.

Assigned to this project along with me is my fellow programmer [Arjen van Klaveren](https://arjenvklaveren.github.io/).  
My responsibilities for the project include designing and implementing the software architecture in Unity and implementing gameplay systems.

Alongside this project, I am developing a utils library for Unity. The wiki for which can be found [here](https://github.com/Sad-AI-dev/SadUtils_Package/wiki).  
This package is solely developed by me and is actively being used in the **Quantum Gaming** project.

<!-- Collapsable section about previous works -->
#
<details>
	<summary><h3>Previous Works<h3/></summary>

<!-- Minor Skilled Project -->
<a href="https://github.com/Sad-AI-dev/Minor_Skilled">
	<img align="center" alt="Stellar Sprint Logo" width="70%" src="https://github.com/Sad-AI-dev/Minor_Skilled/blob/Develop/Roguelike_Minor/Assets/Art/2D/UI%20Elements/Main%20Menu/Menu%20Rework/Title.png"/>
</a>

###

As part of my minor, I collaborated with 6 other students on developing a 3D action rogue-like.  
I took up the roles of Project Lead, Lead Developer, Software Architect and Gameplay Programmer during this project.  

<!-- left aligned image here? -->

I greatly enjoyed working on this project, as it contained a large variety of complex gameplay systems.  
My favorite part I worked on is the *agent system*.  
This system unifies the underlying systems for all the enemies and the player.
 A consequence of this is that all content developed for the player can also be used on the enemies with minimal effort.  
A great example of this are the 40+ unique power-ups that were developed for the player, which we later used to quickly create unique and distinct enemy variants.

Building the systems which allow for a large variety of unique power-ups is an achievement I take great pride in.  
Here are some examples of the power-ups we created:

<!-- add images of a ~3 items next to each other here -->

Find out more about this project [here](https://github.com/Sad-AI-dev/Minor_Skilled).

</details>

#
### Contact

Interested in me and my work? Feel free to reach out!

<!-- Email -->
<img align="left" alt="Email" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="/src/img/Mail_Logo.png"/>

[ArvidvdHoogen@gmail.com](mailto:ArvidvdHoogen@gmail.com)

<!-- LinkedIn -->
<img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="/src/img/LinkedIn_Logo.png"/>

[Linked In](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arvid-van-den-hoogen/)

<!--
The plan is simple:

[X] Short Bio
[X] Languages & Tools
		for this section, use dev icons.
		- C#
		- Unity
		- Fork
		- Visual Studio
		Minor:
		- C++
		- Unreal Engine
		- Type Script
		- HTML 5
		- CSS 3
		- PHP
[X] Currently working on
[ ] Previous works
	[X] Stellar Sprint
	[ ] Wave Collapse Function Algorithm
	[ ] Chunk Punk
	- Game jams
	[ ] Identification Station
	[ ] Astral Herd
[X] Contact
-->
